yeah I'm Dave Brailsford on the team
principle team sky and I run the British
Cycling Olympic team for 15 years
marginal gains to me is an improvement
through small steps the idea was to get
people to think that they could improve
and once you started out it kinda
created is contagious sort of
environment where you have this
continuous improvements it's a
philosophy that everybody became engaged
with not investing in people is a huge
risk a team isn't a thing it's a group
of people all working together to become
a team
they'll recruit the best people that you
could possibly find and I think the
behavioral fit is more important than
the core skill necessarily we can
educate and teach the course goals but
that fits in in terms of trying to
create the right culture it's massively
important we've got this term about
podium people who's the best in the
world at a minute where are you and how
you're going to get there if people only
show the more that people have ownership
the more motivator they'll be the more
creative they'll be with ownership comes
accountability you can empower people
without making sure there's
accountability and responsibility
provide absolute clarity over role that
person's role entail unless of the
exceptional genuinely internally accepts
that role and believes that is the right
thing to do then I'll do it you have to
double check and really make sure you've
got that role acceptance part of the
process map down it's very very
important to try and identify the
standards you're going to set and that
could be the value standards it could be
behavioral standards it would be the
performance standards you leave you're
an educator you've got to help people
and teach them how to get there
if you can create this positive
environment where people can don't
confront each other be honestly to give
each other feedback in a positive way
then you're in a good place we can only
be as good as we can be whatever the
external benchmark may be I think
somebody who performs to their optimum
which is personal excellence in a phone